fix(feedback): update docs with SwiftUI notes (#14227)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/user-feedback/index.mdx

This setup will insert the widget into your app's view hierarchy. By default, it appears in the bottom trailing corner of the screen, but you can fully customize its appearance and behavior.

#### SwiftUI

> SwiftUI apps cannot currently use automatic injection of the widget upon SDK start. Several options exist to display the feedback form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SwiftUI apps don’t currently support automatic widget injection when the SDK starts. Several options exist to display the feedback form:
```

> ##### Use your own button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Use Your Own Button
```

Place a `UIButton` somewhere in your app, then provide the reference to the feedback configuration in the options provided on SDK start:

```swift
import Sentry
import SwiftUI
import UIKit

@main
struct SwiftUIApp: App {
    // a button displayed somewhere in your app
    public let feedbackButton = {
        let button = UIButton(type: .custom)
        button.setTitle("BYOB Feedback", for: .normal)
        return button
    }()

    init() {
        // start the SentrySDK as usual, as early as possible in your app's launch sequence
        SentrySDK.start { options in
            options.configureFeedback { config in 
                config.customButton = feedbackButton
            }
            
            // your other SDK options
        }
    }
}
```

##### Manually display the widget from a connected `UIWindowSceneDelegate`

> You must set up a `UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor`, connect a `UIScene` to your app, and manually call `SentrySDK.feedback.showWidget()`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up a `UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor`, connect a `UIScene` to your app, and manually call `SentrySDK.feedback.showWidget()`: 
```

Author: This needs to say "must" if they want to use this approach, because it won't work without it
